jacooz or an officer in a spy is the new
film by legendary polish director Roman
Polanski
Polanski's latest is about the 1894
wrongful accusation of french captain
Alfred Dreyfus who is accused of high
treason and a sentence to life
imprisonment on Devil's Island the film
stars Jean Jacques de lui de hell
Emmanuel senior and Matsu emetic and is
based on the novel by Robert Harris who
also wrote the screenplay jacooz is
rather boring and Polanski's most
unimaginative work also his most
unentertaining film even Tess and the
ghost writer which I personally don't
like are more entertaining than jacooz I
would rather watch pirates any day than
jacooz don't get me wrong it's not a bad
film the acting is great particularly
from Louie Gavin who plays the accused
Dreyfus and the film was well made
there's nothing dramatically wrong with
it but at the same time there's
practically nothing special about it
either
if she coos had been made by someone
else it would have been a great film but
for Polanski a director who has made an
abundant number of masterpieces that
changed my life and cinema forever such
as Rosemary's Baby the tenant the
pianist
frantic repulsion I can go on and on
jacooz is really nothing special the
filmmaking of Polanski's latest effort
is so plain and ordinary as something
like brilliant Hitchcockian style of the
tenant or repulsion is nowhere to be
seen
the masterful and enthralling
storytelling of Rosemary's Baby what
Chinatown was hardly present here at all
jacooz was just the plain retelling of
the Dreyfus Affair story and that's all
in fact the picture is even hard to
follow being so detailed and nuanced in
the dialog that if you don't speak
French you have to read the subtitles
and also try to understand what's going
on it really makes it rather dull the
only reason I was not completely bored
throughout the film was because I was
constantly waiting for something
incredible to happen knowing the talent
of the director unlike the emotional
volcanoes of The Pianist miss her mood
or death and the maiden she coos didn't
move me at all except for two little
things the acting of Louie Devil
especially in a few shots was incredible
and one shot of the prison on Devil's
Island which was really beautifully
photographed with palm trees swaying in
the wind
- Alexander displays beautiful music was
great filmmaking
if only the entire film was at least
something like this but everything else
in jacooz for me personally was just a
boring heavily narrative portrayal of
the investigation towards the innocence
of Alfred Dreyfus
so that's my review take from it what
you want but remember cinema is truly a
subjective art form maybe you love
jacooz after all plans he did win the
Grand Jury Prize at the Venice Film
Festival
who knows just like Monty Python say
make up your own mind thank you for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please like it and subscribe because
we're having many Venice Film Festival
reviews every Friday so subscribe not to
miss those see you next Friday